AI Channel picture story show
The Giant Turnip
An old man planted some turnip seeds in the soil
"May you grow and sweet and tasty, oh turnip of mine."
"May you grow big and healthy, oh turnip of mine."
Soon after, the turnip grew to be larger than ever
Larger than any turnip that anyone have ever seen before
It is one big turnip indeed
"Oh my, how wonderful!"
"I shall pull you up, I shall."
And so the old man starts to pull the turnip
"And a heave and a ho!"
The turnip stayed rooted in the soil
"That's it!"
And so the old man called his wife to come and help him
"Ready, go!"
"And a heave and a ho!"
And so the old man starts to pull the turnip
And the old woman pulls the old man
"And a heave and a ho!"
And yet the turnip stays rooted to the ground
"That's it!"
The old woman called for her granddaughter to come and help
"Ready, go!"
"And a heave and a ho!"
And so the old man starts to pull the turnip
And the old woman pulls the old man
And her granddaughter pulls the old woman
"And a heave and a ho!"
Still, the turnip refuses to move
"That's it!"
The granddaughter called to Techi-techi bird to come and help.
"Ready, go!"
"And a heave and a ho!"
And so the old man starts to pull the turnip
And the old woman pulls the old man
And her granddaughter pulls the old woman
And Techi-techi bird pulls the granddaughter
"And a heave and a ho!"
The ever so stubborn turnip still stays rooted to the ground
"Squeak!"
Techi-techi bird brought over a friend, Mirrat
However, Mirrat could not move
Feeling sorry, Mirrat called a nearby Pegasus
"Ready, go!"
"And a heave and a ho!"
And so the old man starts to pull the turnip
And the old woman pulls the old man
And her granddaughter pulls the old woman
And Techi-techi bird pulls the granddaughter
And Mirrat pulls the Techi-techi bird...?
And Pegasus pulls the Mirrat
"And a heave and a ho!"
Together with the old man, everyone gathered started to pull
"Ready, go!"
"And a heave and a ho!"
Everyone gathered their strengths, and pulled with all their might
"And a heave.... And a ho!!"
Finally,
"POP!"
the great turnip was pulled out of the ground.
"Hooray!"
Having pulled the great turnip, everybody started to celebrate in great joy
It was a great, big, healthy turnip indeed
The End